http://www.sanfoundry.com/1000-java-algorithms-problems-programming-examples/
http://www.java2novice.com/java-interview-programs/
http://javarevisited.blogspot.in/2011/06/top-programming-interview-questions.html
http://javarevisited.blogspot.in/2010/10/what-is-deadlock-in-java-how-to-fix-it.html


String:
1.Write code to check a String is palindrome or not
2.Write a method which will remove any given character from a String?
3.Print all permutation of String both iterative and Recursive way?
4.Write a function to find out longest palindrome in a given string?
5.How to count occurrence of characters in a String?
6.How to check if two String are Anagram?
7.How to convert numeric String to int in Java?
8.How to remove special characters from a string in Java?
9.How to find first non repeated character of a given String?

Array:
1.In an array 1-100 numbers are stored, one number is missing how do you find it?
2.In an array 1-100 exactly one number is duplicate how do you find it?
3.
4. Given two arrays, 1,2,3,4,5 and 2,3,1,0,5 find which number is not present in the second array.// Or common beteen two array
5. How do you find second highest number in an integer array?
6. How to find all pairs in array of integers whose sum is equal to given number?
7.How to remove duplicate elements from array in Java?
8. How to find largest and smallest number in array?
9. How to find top two maximum number in array?

DS:
1.Write a program to sort numbers in place using quick sort ?
2.Write a program to implement binary search algorithm in Java or C++?
3.Write code to implement Insertion Sort in Java?
4.Write code to implement Bubble Sort in Java?
5.How do you find middle element of a linked list in single pass?
6.How do you find 3rd element from last in single pass? 
7.How do you find if there is any loop in singly linked list? How do you find the start of the loop? 
8.How do you reverse a singly linked list? 

Numbers:
1.Write code to check whether a no is power of two or not? 
2.Write a program to check whether a number is palindrome or not? 
3.Write code to check whether an integer is Armstrong number or not? 
4.Write a program to find all prime number up to a given numbers? 
5.Write function to compute Nth Fibonacci number? Both iterative and recursive? 
6.How to check if a number is binary? covert binary to decimal
7.
8. 
9.How to find sum of digits of a number using recursion? 
10.How to swap two numbers without using temp variable? 
11.
12.Write a program to find prime factors of integer? 
13.How to add two integer without using arithmetic operator? 


Others:
1.SingletonClass
2.implement hashcode and equals method

Collection:
1.How do you sort Java object using Comparator? (answer)
2.WAP to sort map by value.

Multithreading:
1.WAP to create deadlock between two threads
2.wait notify notifyall (producer consumer problem)
3.synchonised method
4.static synchonization

Spring:
inject list set or map into spring bean
