1.Three ants are sitting at the three corners of an equilateral triangle. Each ant starts randomly picks a direction and starts to move along the edge of the triangle. What is the probability that none of the ants collide?
- 0.25
2.Four people need to cross a rickety bridge at night. Unfortunately, they have only one torch and the bridge is too dangerous to cross without one. The bridge is only strong enough to support two people at a time. Not all people take the same time to cross the bridge. Times for each person: 1 min, 2 mins, 7 mins and 10 mins. What is the shortest time needed for all four of them to cross the bridge?
-17min
3.A man has two ropes of varying thickness (Those two ropes are not identical, they aren’t the same density nor the same length nor the same width). Each rope burns in 60 minutes. He actually wants to measure 45 mins. How can he measure 45 mins using only these two ropes.
He can’t cut the one rope in half because the ropes are non-homogeneous and he can’t be sure how long it will burn
- He will burn one of the rope at both the ends and the second rope at one end. After half an hour, the first one burns completely and at this point of time, he will burn the other end of the second rope so now it will take 15 mins more to completely burn. so total time is 30+15 i.e. 45mins. 
4.You are standing before two doors. One of the path leads to heaven and the other one leads to hell. There are two guardians, one by each door. You know one of them always tells the truth and the other always lies, but you don’t know who is the honest one and who is the liar.
You can only ask one question to one of them in order to find the way to heaven. What is the question?
-If I ask the other guard about which side leads to heaven, what would he answer?"
5.You are blindfolded and 10 coins are place in front of you on table. You are allowed to touch the coins, but can’t tell which way up they are by feel. You are told that there are 5 coins head up, and 5 coins tails up but not which ones are which. How do you make two piles of coins each with the same number of heads up? You can flip the coins any number of times.? same question with card also
-separte them blindly and flip all coins of any one side
6.A bad king has a cellar of 1000 bottles of delightful and very expensive wine. A neighboring queen plots to kill the bad king and sends a servant to poison the wine. Fortunately (or say unfortunately) the bad king’s guards catch the servant after he has only poisoned one bottle. Alas, the guards don’t know which bottle but know that the poison is so strong that even if diluted 100,000 times it would still kill the king. Furthermore, it takes one month to have an effect. The bad king decides he will get some of the prisoners in his vast dungeons to drink the wine. Being a clever bad king he knows he needs to murder no more than 10 prisoners – believing he can fob off such a low death rate – and will still be able to drink the rest of the wine (999 bottles) at his anniversary party in 5 weeks time. Explain what is in mind of the king, how will he be able to do so ? (of course he has less then 1000 prisoners in his prisons)
-using binary numbers
7.you have 3 jars that are all mislabeled. One jar contains Apple, another contains Oranges and the third jar contains a mixture of both Apple and Oranges.
You are allowed to pick as many fruits as you want from each jar to fix the labels on the jars. What is the minimum number of fruits that you have to pick and from which jars to correctly label them?
8.You’ve got someone working for you for seven days and a gold bar to pay him. The gold bar is segmented into seven connected pieces. You must give them a piece of gold at the end of every day. What and where are the fewest number of cuts to the bar of gold that will allow you to pay him 1/7th each day?
-1 - 2 - 4
9.You have 100 doors in a row that are all initially closed. you make 100 passes by the doors starting with the first door every time. the first time through you visit every door and toggle the door (if the door is closed, you open it, if its open, you close it). the second time you only visit every 2nd door (door #2, #4, #6). the third time, every 3rd door (door #3, #6, #9), ec, until you only visit the 100th door. What state are the doors in after the last pass? Which are open which are closed?
-devisior trick
10.There is a building of 100 floors
-If an egg drops from the Nth floor or above it will break.
-If it’s dropped from any floor below, it will not break.
You’re given 2 eggs.
Find N
-14,27,39,50,60,69,77,84,90,95,99,100
11.Probability of having boy - 1:1


12.


13.People are waiting in line to board a 100-seat airplane. Steve is the first person in the line. He gets on the plane but suddenly can’t remember what his seat number is, so he picks a seat at random. After that, each person who gets on the plane sits in their assigned seat if it’s available, otherwise they will choose an open seat at random to sit in.
The flight is full and you are last in line. What is the probability that you get to sit in your assigned seat?
-1/2
14.A lady buys goods worth Rs 200 from a shop, whose shopkeeper is selling the goods with zero profit.
The lady gives him a Rs 1000 note.
The shopkeeper gets the change from the next shop, keeps Rs 200 for himself, and returns Rs 800 to the lady.
Later the shopkeeper of the next shop comes with the Rs 1000 note saying “fake note” and takes his money back.
-1000
15.A man fell in a 30 meter deep well, in one day he climbs 4 meters up and slips 3 meters down. How many days would it take for him to come out of the well?
-27
16.A wholesale merchant came to me one day and posed this problem. Every day in his business he has to weigh amounts from one pound to one hundred and twenty-one pounds, to the nearest pound. To do this, what is the minimum number of weights he needs and how heavy should each weight be?
-The minimum number of weights required is five and these should weight 1, 3, 9, 27 and 81
pounds.
17-You have 3 switches in a room. One of them is for a bulb in next room. You can not see whether the bulb is on or off, until you enter the room. What is the minimum number of times you need to go in to the room to determine which switch corresponds to the bulb in next room.
-warm
18.Connect every house with every well without the lines intersecting.
- create rectangle
19.Three cannibals and three anthropologists have to cross a river. the boat they have is only big enough for two people. if at any point in time there are more cannibals on one side of the river than anthropologists, the cannibals will eat them. what plan can the anthropologists use for crossing the river so they don’t get eaten?

remember! the boat can’t cross the river by itself, someone has to be in it to row it across.
-11 times aana jana
20.100 people standing in a circle in an order 1 to 100. No.1 has a sword. He kills next person (i.e. no. 2) and gives sword to next to next (i.e no.3). All person does the same until only 1 survives. Which number survives at the last?
-73
21.Using only a Four-minute hourglass and a seven-minute hourglass,
How will you measure exactly nine minutes?

Restriction:- Without the process taking longer than nine minutes.
22.You have 8 balls all of the same size. 7 of them weigh the same, and one of them weighs slightly more.
How can you find the ball that is heavier by using a balance and only two weighings?
-divide into two groups
23.A shell is tied to the side of a boat.
The shell hangs 3 metres above water level.
The water rises 2cm an hour.
24.How much time will it take before water touches the shell?
-Never 
25.An investor trading through a discount stock broker that charges $10.00 Dollars per transaction bought 200 shares of Vola Tile Corporation at $50.00 Dollars per share. The stock quickly increased in value by 50%, but then lost 40% of its value. The investor sold the stock. How much money did the investor gain or lose?
-1020
26.At a party, everyone shook hands with everybody else. There were 66 handshakes. How many people were at the party?
-12
27.You’re on a game show, and you’re given the choice of three doors: Behind one door is a car; behind the others, goats. You pick a door, say No. 1, and the host, who knows what’s behind the doors, opens another door, say No. 3, which has a goat. He then says to you, “Do you want to pick door No. 2?” Is it to your advantage to switch your choice?

With you switch or stay with your door?
28.You along with your friend are standing in front of two houses. Each of those houses inhabits a family with two children.
Your friend tells you the below two facts:
1) On your left is a family that has a boy who likes accounts but the other child loves science.
2) On the right is a family with a seven year old boy and a new born baby.
You ask him, “Does either of the family have a girl?”
To this he replies, “I am not quite sure. But can you guess that? If you are right, I will give you $200.”
Which family do you think is likely to have a girl ?
29.red blue 50-50 marbles







Six pirates and Gold Coin puzzle
five pirates and Gold Coin puzzle
